[Kara] My name is Kara Zor-El.
I'm from Krypton.
I'm a refugee on this planet.
I was sent to Earth
to protect my cousin,
but my pod got
knocked off course.
And by the time I got here,
my cousin had already grown up
and become Superman.
I hid who I really was,
until one day
when an accident forced me
to reveal myself to the world.
To most people, I'm a reporter
at CatCo Worldwide Media,
but in secret, I work with my
adopted sister for the DEO
to protect my city
from alien life
and anyone else
that means to cause it harm.
I am Supergirl.
Previously on Supergirl...
[Mon-El] When I left Earth,
I went through
some kind of wormhole,
and I've been living on Earth
in the 31st century
for the past seven years.
Imra.
Kara, this is Imra Ardeen,
my wife.
[rumbling]
[woman] You are a being
designed for one purpose,
to execute justice.
They will call you
Worldkiller.
It is time for you to
become Reign.
[gasping]
Mom?
Yeah.
I heard you scream.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, I had a bad dream.
I thought you'd wake me up
when you got back
from your trip.
What trip?
Where you went yesterday.
I didn't go on a trip,
Ruby, I'm here.
You said you were
going somewhere.
To get answers.
That something wonderful
was gonna happen.
I said that?
I don't know what...
I'm tired. I've just been
so tired. Come here. Hi. Hi.
Hi.
What time is it?
11:00.
Yeah, you slept in.
It can't be 11:00.
Because it's pancake-o'clock!
What do you want,
chocolate chip or banana?
Both.
It's a long story.
Well, seven years
is a long time.
Strange as it may sound,
the 31st century is actually
not that different from today.
What, better smartphones?
-What's a phone?
-"What's a phone?"
Oh, the future's awesome.
Well, technology
has developed
beyond imagining,
but, at the end of the day,
it's still in service of
communicating with each other,
and entertaining each other,
and also killing each other.
In this day, or in a thousand
years, conflict is constant,
but so is strength.
And that's where we come in.
So, what are you, soldiers?
The governments
were overwhelmed by violence,
by chaos.
Mon-El organized us.
And we banded together
to help Earth's leaders
keep the peace,
at home
and in the stars.
We call ourselves
"The Legion."
And we exist because of you.
-Because of me?
-Mmm.
[Mon-El] You inspired me.
So, when I founded the Legion,
I chose to use you as an
example of what we could be.
Of what we aspire to be.
When I learned
about your life and work
and your compassionate
fight for justice
and your devotion
to protecting others,
everything just crystallized.
Your example gave
my life purpose.
I can't express
how much it means
for me to meet you in person.
So, a legion
of superheroes. Ha!
Sounds formidable.
Not nearly enough.
The future has
some bad things happening.
Yeah, the darkness
is spreading.
What's that? What do you mean?
Well, my team and I were
on a mission and...
We got into some trouble.
Our ship got knocked
into one of those disruptions.
-A wormhole?
-Yes.
We crash-landed
back on Earth
12,000 years ago.
So you traveled
back in time by accident?
Which is exactly why
we couldn't just go home.
So we went into cryo-sleep
and set the ship to wake us up
when we returned
to the 31st century.
But then the torpedo
hit the ship,
and damaged the ship,
and that's when I woke up.
But do you think
we can fix it?
Can you help us get home?
We'll do everything
in our power to help.
But for now...
Settle in.
You might be here for a while.
[clears throat]
If anyone can help us,
it's you.
Everyone's coming over
to my apartment
for a holiday party tonight.
You guys are welcome
to join, if you like.
Thanks. [stammers]
We need to
work on the repairs.
Yeah, that's fine. That's...
Okay, come and
get your eggnog.
Uh, yeah, but be warned,
this is not your
grandmother's recipe.
Oh, this is highly potent,
intoxicating deliciousness!
Ooh. Danvers' famous eggnog?
Um, sounds tempting,
but, you know, I think
I'll stick with the scotch.
-Health.
-Happiness.
[glasses clink]
Dude, I do not understand
your obsession.
It is the greatest
Christmas song of all time.
That's great.
We've played it,
like, four times.
If my father learns
nothing else
this holiday season,
he will learn about
Hall and Oates.
Put it on.
["Jingle Bell Rock" playing]
-Oh, dude, are you serious?
Again?
-Come on.
No, no, take it up
with papa bear, okay?
J'onn, I do not know
why you introduced
me to coffee first.
This brown water
is vastly superior.
Yeah, I don't take advantage
of hot cocoa enough.
I enjoy Christmas.
What a wonderful way
to close your year.
Paying homage
to an evergreen creature.
It so reminds me of Life Day.
Excuse me, hi. "Life Day"?
As in the Star Wars
Holiday Special?
It was on CBS.
Princess Leia, like,
sang a song...
You have no idea
what I'm talking about.
Oh, my God,
you don't know
what Star Wars is.
You probably don't know
Excuse me?
The Empire Strikes Back
is the best movie sequel
of all time.
Man, I just love you
more and more each day.
What's a "sequel"?
It's...
I mean, as far as parties go,
this one doesn't suck, right?
No, it's great. It is.
But how about you?
How are you doing?
I'm good. Yeah, totally.
I love parties. And Christmas.
I mean, like with...
Mon-El and Imra.
I mean, this can't be easy.
No, that's not easy,
but you know what,
here we are.
Are you okay?
Yeah, well, Christmas
without Maggie, that's
not my favorite thing,
but we are not wallowing.
No. No, sir.
And you know what,
we can be single
crones together.
Aw, crone buddies.
[both laughing]
-I don't know.
-Oh, no.
[knocking on door]
I'll get it.
Yeah, I forgot those...
Hey. Is everything okay?
Where's your mom?
Sorry. I'm late, I know.
It's been a really long day,
but I got the cookies.
No worries. Come in.
Christmas shopping,
conference call
with some very
unpleasant men who were
yelling at me in German,
and then Ruby told me
about the cookies, I'd forgot.
The Italian bakery
that I really liked,
it was closed,
so, you know, you get these.
Okay, sounds like
somebody needs to take a break
-and maybe have a drink,
or two.
-Yeah.
Did I ever tell you
that I work with
Supergirl sometimes?
Okay, I have four questions.
Hey, Lena opened
the good stuff.
[softly] Thank you.
Okay, one, has Supergirl
every flown you anywhere?
And two, if so, how was it?
-And, three--
-Yes. Yes, yes.
She has flown me.
Several times.
And, actually,
last year, she caught me
when I jumped out of
a skyscraper
during a shoot-out.
Okay, I have more questions.
-Hey.
Are you okay?
I mean, you look
a little pale.
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm just tired.
Not enough hours, I guess.
Yeah, I get that.
[indistinct conversation]
You know, if you wanted,
you could pull James Olsen
right underneath
that mistletoe.
James? Don't be ridiculous.
I mean, I think he likes you.
I'm his boss.
Mmm.
Yes, because
that's never happened before.
-Hi.
And I don't mean to eavesdrop,
but I've been noticing
chemistry between you two
for weeks now.
There's no chemistry,
all right?
-Okay.
-It's off the charts.
Okay, I'm gonna
have to kill both of you,
all right?
But then I wouldn't have
either of my best friends,
so that wouldn't work.
So I'm just gonna
have some more scotch.
You know, this year
has been really tough for me,
but I did get
two really great things
out of it.
And that's you guys.
Aw.
I am not wearing
waterproof mascara.
I've always been blessed.
You know, my sister,
I've always had her,
and she has my back,
but I've never had
best friends.
And I couldn't have gotten
through what I've been
through this year
without you two.
Okay, now you're gonna
make me cry.
Oh, no.
I am very grateful
for both of you.
Me, too. I love you guys.
[Hank Henshaw] Kara?
I just had a call,
we gotta go.
[Supergirl] What happened?
[Vasquez] Looks like someone
took a flamethrower
to large swaths
of the property.
Any chance it was
a brush fire?
I don't think so.
But why call us for arson
after the fact?
The fire's already out.
There's something
you should see.
Where?
Birds-eye view.
I've seen this before,
when I was a kid on
a field trip to the ruins
of old Krypton.
What does it mean?
The symbols predate
recorded history.
The glyphs are known as
"Low Speech"
and used in Urrika,
the Kryptonian continent
where life began.
And the people who used them?
The Juru were matriarchal.
Tribal. Polytheistic.
Over time, their sun god
became known as "Rao,"
the tribes began
to worship Him alone,
and modern Krypton was born.
So, then the Book of Rao
must have something
that can help.
There is nothing in the book.
The ruling council destroyed
much of Krypton's so-called
superstitions.
But if someone's trying
to send me a message
through this,
I have to know what it means.
This feels important.
I represent the total
accumulation of knowledge
on the 28 known galaxies.
If I cannot translate it,
the translation may not exist.
[news anchor] These ominous
symbols have appeared
around the city overnight
and the NCPD currently
has no information
on the source.
With the city still reeling
from the Daxamite invasion,
these mysterious symbols
are causing tensions
to run high.
Okay, guys, I know it's
Christmas Eve, but we have
some breaking news.
We gotta pull some people in.
We need eyewitness accounts.
We need coverage on
the City Council's
press conference.
Crime, I need you to
talk to NCPD,
figure out if
they've initiated
any lockdown procedures
for federal buildings.
Okay? Guys,
we need information.
And we also need to decide
how to frame this story
so that we don't incite
further panic.
Mr. Olsen,
can I have a word with you?
Sure.
Let's get these stories
into copy by noon.
Thanks, guys.
Listen, I am less concerned
with CatCo's response to this
than who's doing this and why.
The first appearance
of this symbol,
the crop circle,
was on L-Corp property.
So you think this is personal?
I think it's Morgan Edge.
That man has a
vendetta against me,
and believe me,
he will go to any lengths.
Plus he's the only man
who has the tech
and the resources
to pull something
like this off.
It's gotta be Edge.
Oh, I think it's time
to pay that
Don Johnson-wannabe a visit.
-I was gonna go on my own.
-Not a chance.
You can't just barge in.
Mr. Edge is a
very busy person.
[Morgan] Lena.
Didn't recognize you
without a .38 in your hand.
Maybe I should hit you
over the back of the head
and put you on a drone
headed for the reservoir.
Allegedly. Come on.
I assume this visit is still
off the record, though.
Morgan, what is this?
I don't know. It looks weird.
What, are you re-branding?
I mean, hey,
it worked for Prince, right?
I know you're behind this.
It's more fearmongering,
more of the same.
You're so predictable.
Lena, Lena.
Lena, come on, it's Christmas.
Where's your Christmas spirit?
It's my favorite time
of the year.
The only fires I'm lighting
are the ones
I'm gonna roast
chestnuts over.
And if you think I had
anything to do
with going after you,
which you sure as hell
can't prove,
my line of attack
would be much,
much more effective.
Is that why you brought
your bodyguard?
I'm here just to make sure
that you remain civil.
Jimmy, I get the feeling
your dislike for me
is more than
just purely professional.
You get feelings?
I, for one, have work to do,
so if you wouldn't mind,
it's time to go.
Oh, hey, come on, look.
Hold up.
What am I thinking?
Where's my manners?
Little parting gift.
Company present.
I like to spread the cheer.
Bah humbug.
Merry Christmas.
Yes, but if Alura
doesn't know what it is,
what makes you think
anybody here is gonna know?
Someone is burning
a Kryptonian symbol
everywhere,
so someone out there
must know who it is.
[both laughing]
Thank you very much.
Kara, Winn.
Oh, hey, guys.
So, you want me
to provide a distraction?
No need, no, don't be silly.
-Hey, guys.
-Hi.
Oh, you've, you...
-Here?
-No, no.
-It's...
-It's all right.
I got it.
Thanks. Oh, my God.
Yep. There's just a bit...
There we go.
[clears throat]
So, you settling in?
Yeah. You know,
Imra wanted to see what
the times were like, so...
Everyone's been
very kind so far.
It's fascinating
to see Earth this far back.
Oh, yeah. This must be
like medieval times for you.
You eat things
with your hands.
So fun.
Mon-El tells me
there's a place in town
where you can eat
all the ribs you want.
What did you call it?
"Food until you're full"?
Very close. It's
"All you can eat."
[Imra] Okay.
Have you had beer yet?
Does it go with ribs?
Come on. Come on, come on.
Let's go.
Hey, hey.
Hey, so how was your party?
-Good.
-Yeah?
How's your ship?
Broken beyond
my understanding, so...
Oh... [chuckles]
Well, it sounds like
we're having two very
different weeks.
Yeah.
Yeah, hey, I forgot
how much I miss this place.
You know, it's special.
You did make a pretty
mean club soda.
I'm guessing that you probably
steered clear of
Aldebaran rum.
Please do not remind me.
That was...
[both laugh]
You know, you are so lucky
I did not lose my job at the
DEO that day.
[Imra laughing]
Hey, you know,
I'm really sorry.
About us being here,
and how this must be
really hard for you.
No, no, no. You know what,
Mon-El, your wife is lovely.
And you two seem
to really make
each other happy.
So...
Do you want to talk about it?
There's not really
much to talk about.
[cell phone ringing]
I should get this. Hello.
[operator] You have a collect
call from the Albatross Bay
Correctional Facility.
[door buzzing]
"They will receive
a blasphemous sigil.
And in its wake,
many cowards, killers
and vile men will burn."
That's not from the
Book of Rao.
"And every eye
will look upon the heretic,
and they will call it
'Worldkiller.'"
Kara Danvers, there is
so much that you
still don't know.
"Worldkiller"?
It's here.
The End of Days.
There are no End of Days
in the Book of Rao.
The prophecy I speak of
predates the Book of Rao.
But I suspect you
already know this
if you've tried to
find the meaning
of the Kryptonian symbol
that's all over the news.
They are the mark
of a dark god, a devil.
How do you know this?
You know that I spent
two years on a pilgrimage
all over the world
collecting artifacts
and texts, learning
everything I could
about Rao and your people.
But I didn't just
find objects.
I met people.
The forgotten from Fort Rozz.
You know about Fort Rozz?
I met a disgraced
Kryptonian priestess
who told me about
the god before Rao.
A Lilith made of
darkness and teeth
who ends everything.
There are three steps
leading to the End of Days.
First is the
Mark of the Beast.
The glyph in the field.
They're all over
National City now.
After that comes
the Work of the Beast
in the form of many deaths.
And finally,
comes the Reign of the Beast.
And this is when She comes.
"She"? Who is "She"?
Worldkiller.
The one who will bring about
the end of time.
This is your purpose.
To fight the Devil.
There's no such thing
as the Devil.
The lost gods must fall
for a new god to rise.
And Her rise will come
at the fall of the righteous.
And She will reign
unless you stand
and smite Her.
The NCPD is investigating
another fatal shooting
involving the One-Seven Gang
which happened this morning.
Witnesses say they saw a man
belonging to the
One-Seven Gang
open fire on a
convenience store,
killing the owner.
[Ruby] Mom?
I finished
all the chips in the kitchen.
It's time to go for dinner,
I'm starving.
Babe, Mrs. Queller's
gonna pick you up.
What? But it's Christmas Eve.
I know it's Christmas Eve,
I'm so behind on everything.
I feel terrible.
I'm sorry, baby.
Are you gonna miss
Christmas too,
or just sleep through it?
Hey, hey.
Come here.
Sit down.
I'm sorry.
Do you remember that Christmas
that year that I got that job
in Central City?
You were really,
really mad at me
for making you leave
your friends in the middle
of the school year.
I was making us drive
all the way down.
It was days in that car.
We ended up spending Christmas
at a truck stop on Route 34.
We had that snowball fight
in the parking lot
and then we made that tree
out of newspapers.
And that night,
when we were lying
in that awful bed,
it smelled like mothballs,
I'll never forget it.
You whispered to me,
and you said that it was
the best Christmas
you'd ever had.
It was for me too, Ruby.
You wanna know why?
Because we were together.
I have something for you.
I was gonna wait
till tomorrow, but...
How did you know?
I'm your mom,
I know everything.
Did you know
that it means
"Stronger together"?
We are.
Always.
I love you so much.
I love you too, Mom.
So Coville says that
this is like the
sign of the Devil.
A Kryptonian 666.
-Do you believe him?
-No.
No, I think Coville calling me
is an excuse for him
to feel relevant.
It reaffirms the narrative
he chooses to believe
and gives his life purpose.
We don't even know if the
person burning these
symbols is Kryptonian.
It's probably just a
bunch of vandals who
don't even know what it means.
[Irma] Do you need fresh eyes?
I can take a look
through the data
you've collected,
suspects you might have
already dismissed.
I'm the 31st century
version of a kip.
I think you mean "cop."
Okay.
Kara, do you have a second?
I was wondering
if we could talk.
Sure.
I just... I wanted to say
I know that you
and Mon-El used to
be together.
And I know how difficult
me being here must be.
No, no, Imra. It's fine.
Mon-El loved you
so much, Kara.
When he first arrived
in my time,
he spoke only
of finding a way back to you.
And he certainly
didn't move on lightly.
I mean, he wouldn't even look
at another woman for years.
Until he realized
he wasn't going to
find a way back.
I just thought you should
know that.
Thanks.
Thank you, Imra.
I'm gonna head back to work.
Okay, where exactly
are we going?
I told you, this guy has
access to Edge's bank records.
If Edge has been buying
technology that can make
those Kryptonian marks,
this will lead us to him.
That's great, but, I mean,
literally, where are we going?
Jimmy Olsen, are you scared?
Don't worry, I'll protect you.
[electrical explosion]
Go! Move, move, move, move!
Stay down.
Hey, so we're alive.
-Yeah, well, thank God
I was here.
-You okay?
It's just my quarterly
assassination attempt.
Yeah, about that.
Who the hell is this guy?
And who said Santa isn't real?
Ho, ho, ho.
Nice.
Where'd you get it?
North Pole.
North Pole, huh?
Is that what they're calling
the One-Seven now?
All right, thanks.
The ADA said laser guy
lawyered up.
He's not talking.
Hey, I couldn't get here
any faster. Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Thanks to James.
Do you know
why he tried to kill you?
Morgan Edge hired him.
-You have proof?
-Circumstantial.
But the shooter used to
work for the annual
National City Tech Conference.
Morgan Edge hosts it
every year.
He shouldn't be alive.
You guys want to see this.
[news anchor on TV]
We're hearing that as many as
a dozen members
of the One-Seven street gang
have been found murdered.
We should warn you
the images you are about
to see are graphic.
[reporter] Now, Susan,
police are still looking
for a suspect
in the multiple killings of
members of the notorious
National City One-Seven Gang.
[reporter speaking
indistinctly]
Samples from the remains
of the victims confirm
they were killed by
heat vision.
So our bad guy is Kryptonian.
Yep. And Morgan Edge
had nothing
to do with it.
Hey, well, at least
it's not related
to the guy with the laser gun
who went after Lena.
No, that guy was
just someone Edge hired
to try to kill Lena.
He thought he could
get away with killing her
and blame it on
the Kryptonian?
Just like Coville said.
"Work of the Beast."
It's creepy.
But Coville's a fanatic,
not a prophet.
The two don't have to be
mutually exclusive.
He said this,
the Beast would come.
She would mark the city
and then She would take it.
I think it's worth pushing
through the noise here
to see the truth.
Well, the moment
you start believing
in something
is the moment
you give your power away.
I'm not gonna give away mine.
So what we know about
this Kryptonian
is that she's a pretender.
I beat Kal down to the ground
when I had to,
I'll beat her down, too.
Kara.
Hey.
You keep walking away from me.
I'm not walking away from you.
-I'm just walking away.
-Hey, just one second.
Look, Imra...
She feels really bad
that she upset you.
That was not her intention.
No, she didn't do
anything wrong.
She was very kind,
and generous,
and, you know,
she's smart, and beautiful
and even though
she looks like a
Greek goddess,
I can't find any reason
to hate her.
But am I okay with this?
No.
-Kara, I--
-No. Stop.
Please, Mon-El, I...
I see this very clearly
for what it is.
We're just three good people
stuck in a really
crappy situation.
But, you know what,
at least two of us still
get to be happy.
[Kara sighs]
And just for the record,
Mon-El,
I really am trying
to be okay with this, but...
This is...
This is worse than
the worst thing
I could possibly imagine.
And that's you looking at me
with no love in your eyes.
So please, just... Please.
-Hello?
-[Morgan] I heard you
were attacked
by someone who tried to
make it look like it was
perpetrated by that thing
that's leaving those
alien marks.
That's awful. Awful.
I mean, it's Christmas.
Morgan, you are a vile,
despicable scrooge
who's gonna die alone
and in prison.
Well, gotta go.
Christmas party.
-[electricity powering down]
-[people screaming]
[woman screams]
[people continue screaming]
[glass shattering]
[cell phone buzzing]
James?
Someone just tried
to heat-vision Edge.
He's calling a
press conference.
-Is he hurt?
-Sadly, no.
Of course this guy has
a lead-lined panic room
in his office.
But whatever's out there
wants him dead.
He just got lucky.
I'm on it.
The Kryptonian attacked Edge
in his office.
Oh... "No"? No.
No, that's bad.
That's objectively bad.
It doesn't matter
who the target was,
they're just killing
whoever they want.
We're doing everything we can
to track them.
I'll head to Edge's office,
see if they left behind
anything I can trace.
No. No, I'm tired
of playing hide-and-seek.
The longer we wait,
the more people are gonna die.
What do you propose?
We do it their way.
Well, that's comforting.
Your turn.
Well, I'm sure
it's not the first time
a woman who's gone crazy
has attacked a powerful man.
I'm fairly certain
it won't be the last.
[reporter] Are you saying
Supergirl attacked you?
I'm saying I can't say
it wasn't Supergirl.
Sociopathic cockroach.
He'll get what he deserves.
Guys like him always do.
You know, today
was the second time
you saved my life.
Beginning to be
some kind of a hobby.
Right place, right time.
Yeah, well...
I owe you a drink.
I wouldn't say "owe,"
but I'll take it.
That's a heavy pour.
It's a heavy day.
Well, to heavy days
and Christmas Eve.
[grunts]
Okay, that's real mature.
I got you now, I got you.
[Irma giggling]
Kara, the
Kryptonian responded.
How?
Just showed up
right where you
left your mark.
And waiting for you.
-Hey.
-I have to go.
Hey, not like this.
Listen to me.
I know that you've been
struggling for the
past few months
and I have been
trying to get you to
embrace your humanity,
but forget that.
Be cold. Be Kryptonian.
I don't know why,
but this thing
really scares me.
So, please,
be alien.
So you're supposed to be
the Devil?
The Devil isn't real.
Then who are you?
I'm from the time
before fathoming.
Born to cleanse the scourge
and deliver the awakening.
I am Reign.
How did you get here?
I survived Krypton's death.
Sent here upon
its destruction.
If that's true,
then where have you been?
Dispensing justice.
By terrorizing people?
Killing people?
This world has sunken
into chaos and sin.
Too many have eluded judgment.
I'm not gonna
let you hurt anyone else.
Surrender now
before I make you surrender.
So full of hubris.
Just like the righteous
Kryptonians
who feared my makers.
Worshiping false gods
as they watched
our planet suffocate by shame
and burn from memory.
Stand down,
or I will make you
join them in their purgatory.
I'm not going anywhere.
Then I will dispense
my justice on you.
Take your best shot.
[holiday music playing]
[people screaming]
[both grunting]
[music continues playing]
Ho, ho, ho, ho.
Look. Supergirl.
Get back! Back, get back!
[both grunting]
Get back. Stay back.
Stay back.
[groans]
I'm gonna kill you.
You don't...
You don't scare me.
[Reign] You're no god
just as I'm no devil.
All I am is truth.
[Supergirl groans]
And judgment.
And death.
And I will reign.
[helicopter hovering]
[siren wailing]
Is she dead?
[paramedics speaking
indistinctly]
Her pulse is weak.
She's crashing.
We need to intubate.
She'll be okay.
Stay with me, Kara.
Stay with me.
Merry Christmas, Mom.
Mom?
Mom.